<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">

<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8" />
	<title>Chapter 7 – (English abstract)</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/style.css" />
	<style></style>
</head>

<body>
	<section class="abstract chapter en">
		<h1>Chapter 7 – E-book Application in China <span class="subtitle">(English abstract)</span></h1>
		<p>The seventh chapter narrates the E-book development and application in China. E-book is an innovation, which compared with the monotonous traditional teaching textbooks. As a Presenting digital content of textbooks, interactive teaching and learning resources, it can be divided into four types, guided and teaching type, training and testing type, Simulation type, expansion of information type, as well as supplementary tool type. In the network environment, we has used the mobile terminal with online teaching and reading function to integrate the content of teaching materials, virtual learning tools, complementary learning resources, learning services. To students, E-book will be conducive to enhance their learning of attention, the ability to search information, to stimulate the students' interest in learning and to personalize for development. If we view the issue from teachers’ perspective, E-book could improve the efficiency of teachers' teaching, and boost their professional development. At the national level, it will facilitate for sharing high-quality resources and push forward the balanced development of education. Simultaneously, it is in line with China's low-carbon principle.</p>
		<p>Based on the technical standards, management standards and working standards to E-book, we are of the view that designing e-book should be guided by following four principles, the new reading habits, and with operating software in combination, making up the "paper" feel, reflecting the "people-oriented" principle. During the development process, the E-book reference the major steps of the “ADDIE” teaching system design model and part of thinking in software engineering. It is divided into phases of the analysis, design, development, implementation and evaluation, which combined with its design characteristic and practice process of development. From the user-oriented Terminal Select analysis approach，we have cogitated upon a range of factors, such as system platforms, development tools, interactive control, resource acquisition, resource processing, integration of resources and so forth, and finally to formed a systematic design and development process.</p>
		<p>The E-book for rapid development in China has become an inevitable trend, the industrial chain has been basically formed. In the world, the United States, Norway, Lithuania, Malaysia, South Korea, Japan, and other countries are making great efforts in promoting its application. The status quo will promote the innovation process of E-book’s content, technology, teaching methods and so forth. Meanwhile, it will propel to translation from design of learning terminal to constructing of learning environment. The E-book application model will be the focus of concern either.</p>
	</section>
</body>

</html>