<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8" />
	<title>Foreword (English)</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/style.css" />
	<style></style>
</head>

<body>
	<section>
		<h1>Foreword</h1>
		<p>The educational establishment has hitherto been built and structured on a communication pattern at the core of the technologies of print – the Gutenberg Galaxy and its equivalent in China - that combines the spoken word with printed and handwritten resources.</p>
		<p>These printed artefacts were circumscribed by social structures and processes for creation, curation, dissemination and use. Books and magazines are thus better seen as the gravitational core of a socio-material field rather than as discrete entities.</p>
		<p>The current digitization of text is a pacesetter for retooling the workplace in the "industries of signs", for replacing skills on a broad scale and for developing new formal and informal social relationships.</p>
		<p>Step by step the various types of education texts are transformed by digitization. The textbooks become ebooks, the journal paper are released in digital open access mode and the formal and organizational procedures are described or embedded in Learning Management Systems. With the recent development of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) lectures, assignments and even exams are also digitized. An ebook is fundamentally a serialized web site. But so is also a MOOC. In a wider sense a MOOC is therefore a (text-)book.</p>
		<p>In addition to technological developments, a strong driver of this process is the cost of the mainly manual modes of academic operation. Core inhibitors to change are century-old traditions embedded in brick-and-mortar institutions, the impossibility of enforcing industrial-type organization on knowledge work and an elitist and scholastic bent in the academic concept of self. The field is thus in need of a new Grammar of Schooling that reflects technologically and socially driven participation modes that better address educational needs and cost considerations. The educational institution is challenged to develop a new logic of production in its educational mission.</p>
		<p>The current text is inspired by this perspective. It is authored by a group of e-learning practitioners in Oslo, Norway and Beijing, China. They trace and reflect upon their experiences with new technologies in their respective educational settings.</p>
		<p>The book is divided in two main parts, one for each country. The chapters are published in English or Chinese with abstracts in the other language.</p>
		<p>The text is initially published as a paper volume by the Capital Normal University Press in China. After the paper version available, it will subsequently be reworked and expanded with multimedia content and made available as an ebook in the ePub format in Norway.</p>

		<div class="signature">
			<p>Helge Hoivik</p>
			<p>Oslo, Norway</p>
			<p>June 2014</p>
		</div>
	</section>
</body>

</html>